well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk to the
moderate conservatives
boy do i feel sorry for y'all right now
because it all seems so simple right
after the democratic primary
he started off with trump you recognized
him for what he is
like no can't do that democratic
primaries going on and you're sitting
there just hoping
for anybody you can get behind
and you end up with biden republican
light
somebody so far to the right that those
people on the actual left dislike him
more than you do
and everything was fine you knew what
you were going to do and then
you saw his platform had that ban on it
and you're a 2a supporter got it
can't do that so you go back to trump
and then the rnc happened and you got
reminded of all the reasons
that you were willing to cross over you
saw those continuing displays in
nationalism
the flagrant violation of the law
saw americans get divided up between us
and them
scapegoated saw the administration
accept responsibility for nothing
and display no leadership whatsoever
blaming people who hadn't been in power
in four years for all of their failures
and you're reminded of what sent you
over there to begin with
because you're a student of history
a second amendment supporter a real one
not a gun nut
they never left trump
but you recognize it for what it is so
now you're in this position
you got this authoritarian
that you can't get behind that you worry
about
and then you have this person advocating
a policy
you can't get behind and it seems like a
really tough situation
and then i started thinking about it
last night because a whole bunch of you
were in the replies on twitter
and something dawned on me
so let's just say biden takes office
right
realistically he's probably not going to
have the political capital to push
through any ban
you know that i know that he's got to
fix the mistakes of four years of trump
because everything that trump did it's
going to come to a head in the next four
years
the bad economic policies the fallout
from the mismanagement of the public
health issue
his foreign policy disasters all of it
it's all going to fall on biden's head
and biden's going to what want first
term administration wants
a second term
with all of that uh negative press he's
gonna get
cleaning up trump's messes he's probably
not going to push that through
not going to have the political capital
to do it you also have to entertain the
idea that he's just lying
because he's a politician and betting on
a politician lying's
normally a pretty safe bet it could just
be
red meat he's throwing to his base like
when trump pretends he cares about the
country
and then he also have to remember he's
an obama man
i know gun nuts right now he's going to
take the guns
but if you're actually a second
amendment supporter you follow policy
not rhetoric
and you know that obama was one of the
most pro-2a presidents we've had in a
while more so than trump
so maybe be like that
but you do have to entertain the
possibility
that he does for whatever reason decide
to push this through
and he can get it through the house and
the senate and get it signed
see this is what dawned on me last night
what happens then see i was a part of
the second amendment community for a
really long time
and it didn't really click till last
night
talking to some of you what are you
gonna do if that band gets enacted
realistically nothing you're not gonna
do anything
you're not going to be in any hurry to
go get your stamp
you know it and i know it and the
reality is
there's going to be 300 million to
process
more than right now
they're on an eight-month wait
with the level that they have at this
moment
even if he got it through his first day
they wouldn't even be done processing
them
by the end of his first term
wouldn't happen so then what
it doesn't get reelected you know and i
know it
because some moderate conservative is
what the republicans will run
if trump loses especially if he loses in
big enough numbers
the republican party is not going to run
another candidate
like him it's not a winning strategy
they'll run a moderate one of your
people
and what is that moderate republican
gonna promise those folks in swinging
states
to get rid of that ban you know it and i
know it
so the reality is
you have an authoritarian
who is so bad willing to get you to
change
parties it was bad enough
to send you to another party and you
have a person
who generally you align with except for
this one issue
and the reality is that even if he gets
it enacted
by the time that window is closing to
have all your registration stuff done
you're gonna have a different president
who's gonna cancel it
using the nfa to back door a band like
that
it's not going to work i mean not just
or the whole the whole issue with
marginalized people
logistically it's not going gonna work
there's way too many to do you would not
finish them in one term
and if you try it you're not gonna get a
second term because everybody who's been
waiting a year and a half
they're not gonna vote for you
realistically doesn't seem like that big
of an issue
not not really
but then you have that authoritarian
the one you actually worry about
the one that has shown every sign
of undermining everything this country
stands for
while blaming other people because he
can't take responsibility for his
actions
and you're probably a little worried
because you're seeing a whole lot of
people fall for it
that's why your ping pong ball right now
bouncing back and forth between the
candidates
because you see it you know what he is
and that convention put it on full
display you switch the language
probably won't be able to tell them
apart not really
and you know that because you are a
student of history because
every second amendment supporter is
you can uh you can stand on principle
you can but if you're going to stand on
principle that means you can't vote or
you have to vote third party
if you're going to stand on that idea
that i will never vote for somebody
who's proposing a ban
you can't vote because
the other part to this is odds are
trump's going to do it too
after all he does like to take the guns
first and worry about due process second
he has a worse second amendment record
than obama did
i don't know i mean i feel for you it's
a tough decision to have to make
it really is but i think
you might be making it harder than it
has to be
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day